, ("Mid Term - Web Development", "This project was developed as a mid term exam for the Web Development course in CCTB. It was meant to practice the use of HTML, CSS and JavaScript. The project is a simple page with a form to register a user and after registering the user is redirected to the cultural connections page, where I was supposed to describe my initial experience in Canada, including the top two cultural shocks I experienced when moving to Vancouver, Canada, the top two things I miss most from my home country, the most amazing new things I love about Vancouver or Canada in general and share my top personal goal or objective at this stage in my life. Then the page was published on Firebase and can be accessed in the link below.", "https://ist105midtermexam-deboraserra.web.app/", "/images/cctb/midterm-web-dev.png"), ("Final Term - Web Development", "This project was developed as a final exam for the Web Development course in CCTB. It was meant to practice the use of HTML, CSS and JavaScript and the deployment on AWS EC2 instance as well as the use of load balancers. In this project I was supposed to develop a JavaScript-based system to track, sort, and filter packages while discarding invalid data and deploy the solution on AWS to ensure scalability. The form to add new packages is meant to follow this rules: reject missing fields or empty entries, ensure numeric-only input for Package ID and Weight, display an error message for invalid input. After that I was supposed to use a sorting algorithm to sort packages based on their weight. Since the AWS EC2 instance was meant for academic purposes only and have a duration of 3 hours per session, the link below is for the GitHub codebase.", "https://github.com/DeboraSerra/final-exam-web-dev", "/images/cctb/final-web-dev.png"), ("Final Project - Introduction to Internet Programming", "This project was developed as a final project for the Introduction to Internet Programming course in CCTB. The goal of this project was to choose a theme and develop an app using the technologies learned in the course. I chose to develop a To Do List app. The user can add a task, mark it as done and delete it. The project was developed using Next.js, so we could safeguard the credentials of the project, and the database used was MongoDB. Initially we were going to build the backend using Express.js and Node.js, but after deciding for Next, the backend was adapted to use it. The app was deployed on Vercel and can be accessed in the link below.", "https://to-do-app-eight-kohl.vercel.app/", "/images/cctb/final-internet-prog.png")